# problem definition
as an extension of the logic of the snowmobile problem, I want to try organizing the a 2d array into a priority queue/tree which is more than just binary. similar to an AVL tree, in that the root/parent of the path we are going down will be called from the AVL tree to its top as a new root, and from there data can be quickly accessed based on all the transformations we can go down from that point. in the context of the snowmobile question, the number of transformations changes, and so the way the AVL tree is transformed ought to be modified accordingly. same idea extends to any and all other problems where we want to access pieces of information that would otherwise be stored in a 2d array and are organized in a topographic manner. 

this will reduce the time complexity of everything greatly, and based on the way the 2d array was defined would also use a similar amount of resources. this will reduce the time used in the running of the function by transforming the 2d array of already collected information into a tree which can be rearranged by coordinate (in this case will be the node we take as the parent in the path/area we are looking at), and from there going down it. this means that we avoid going through the entire 2d array with a worst case time complexity of Oh(n). with the AVL tree (to reiterate, different in that it isn't binary and has a finite but input dependent number of transformations/possible children) being transformed as previously described, the worst case time complexitry 

now this likely doesn't HAVE to be a higher order function, for as of now I have no idea how to define a tree like structure that isn't binary WITHIN during processing and based on a user input. I'll also look into that, emailed kaloti, but at the same time this is also fascinating and I want to try coding this in Java when I learn it. project pending, but pretty excited about it.
